You were embarrassing yourself.
Just don't do that anymore.
Yeah.
You know, human things are just, you know, weird, you know, that was stupid.
That's my bad idea.
Okay, sir, before you do anything else, even more stupid, can I get you anything?
That's it.
Casper.
Mm.
I guess I'll take coffee to go.
Please.
Okay.
Anything else?
Small.
Real.
Hmm.
That's not for sale.
Thank you.
Take that with me.
Casper.
I think you should know that I have a son.
Huh?
He's seven, so maybe you and I aren't the best choice for each other, but thank you.
Okay.
Thank you, sweetheart.
Did you pass your teeth?
Mama?
Let's go to bed.
And I'm in a baby.
I gotta sleep too far real fast.
Let me do it for you.
I can protect my pack.
Yes, my little alpha.
Mom, you seem tired.
Do we need another member?
I got you.
And that is all I need.
I hate the early morning shifts.
I'm so cold.
You're always cold.
Mm.
Oh, somewhere.
I'll get that.
Thank you.
I don't know where you said all last night.
Were you out there all night?
I didn't know your schedule.
Idiot.
Wait, wait, please.
I think you should know that I have a son.
He's seven, so maybe you and I aren't the best choice for each other, but thank you.
I'm an answer.
And the answer is, I don't care.
If you kid, I don't care.
You don't believe in fate?
I still don't care.
All I want is to be with you.
All I want is just one opportunity that's not it.
You have one chance.
Don't you dare go back on your word.
And that's the story so far.
What do you think?
Pretty close.
Yeah?
Prince Draco's.
Why are you acting like a five-year-old puppy?
With all due respect out for Draco's.
You're not even close.
Okay?
What would you do?
Just be honest.
She might reject you as a stranger, but she will definitely be your main if she knows
you're the prince.
I don't think so.
She doesn't care about those things.
She has her own life.
Like those humans.
But you're the best choice on the market.
I think you're old.
But even if there was a case, it's not my choice to make.
It's up to her and I'll respect that, no matter what it is.
Oh, Draco, as much as I'm enjoying this conversation, I must say we have a very important matter
to discuss.
Oh, I'm out in the mood, Griffin.
Let's figure this out first.
Yeah?
It's about Miss Ball for safety.
And it are.
The Blue Ridge back to this?
Why are they hunting for Willa?
They must have heard she move back to town.
But EBITN shows that a leader of the Blue Ridge pack put a bounty on Miss Willemina Bell
for.
Must be that Luna.
Cass, what did you do when Miss Ball for escape from that pack seven years ago?
Electra all night.
When I returned that morning that, that she will, what's her name, Griffin?
Camille.
That'd become the new Luna.
Hold all the elders.
Miss Willem.
I'm a character.
What a bitch.
Griffin, take Will off the hunt list.
Make sure all worlds know she's under my protection now.
Take Miss Ball for off the list and send guards to protect her.
But don't disrupt her life.
Alpha.
Miss Aston just took the job this morning.
Oh no, it's your acting like Emmett.
You waiting for your man?
No.
You're lying.
You're worrying about whether or not he's going to come in here today.
Oh, what?
Maybe.
Look, I am more worried about my student loans.
If I pay them next week, I'm not going to have enough money to pay my bills.
Aww, good girl.
Tender bills.
Good girl.
Hey.
I'm a wolf.
Not a dog.
Okay, well if you're a wolf, I'm super girl.
Ball for?
What's going on?
Callie's shush.
Go out the back door.
No.
Mortal must stay.
You seem to know me.
Girl.
Alpha Nolan hired a killer with a white bandana before.
Yeah, are you again?
Alpha, Luna.
What does it matter?
The money's still the same.
Don't worry.
Your son's going to do it real soon.
You're being strong.
But that doesn't matter.
No one's going to save you.
And who is going to save you?
Zach, whoa.
Who is going to save you?
Exactly.
You're late.
Sorry, honey.
You can suck at traffic.
I'm going to get me a coffee.
Chris Jacob's.
I didn't know.
What are you?
Please.
I'm sorry.
Are you?
You're a werewolf?
Chris Jacob's.
What's going on out there?
Something that you are better off not seeing, okay?
You want me to give you nightmares?
Okay, so you're a werewolf.
Is Cass being a werewolf too?
Oh my gosh.
Do you guys kill vampires like in the movies?
You almost just got killed by a werewolf.
You're not afraid of us?
No.
I mean, hello.
You're my best friend.
Plus you make the best coffee in town.
I cannot live without my werewolf coffee.
You do know that this is instant coffee, right?
Whatever it's in the details.
Thank you.
Sounds good.
You heard?
Sorry I didn't consider.
Hey, right.
I don't want to get you bloody.
Thank you.
Cass Pan.
Coming.
As for out.
Will it be with you?
Would you go out with me?
As my reward.
Okay.
Are you?
Hard?
That's just scratch.
I don't think that's going out.
Okay.
Can't manifest why you've been in a new pocket.
I mean, he's always hurting himself, so try to be prepared.
We should get you out of that shirt to make sure you don't have any wounds.
Do you think you can help me?
Okay, folks.
I got good news.
Just got off the phone with the boss.
We can leave.
Right here.
Come on with me tonight.
You promised.
Yeah.
You have to take a shower though.
I guess I should.
Stop worrying.
It's actually quite enjoyable to punch in the uniform.
It doesn't hurt at all.
Of course you'd say that.
The ring.
I thought it was green.
Mmm.
It is.
It's Alexandra.
You're in during the day.
Right at night.
Remember.
Black hair and red eyes.
He is noble and wears a red ring.
He will take you to the most miraculous place.
Caspian, did that crazy you goddess tell you anything about your fated mate?
Did that crazy you goddess tell you anything about your fated mate?
No.
Not really.
But I'm just an ordinary wolf, so probably not even our list.
Hmm.
Ordinary wolf.
Of course Prince Draco's would be an ordinary wolf.
Well, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to hide it from you.
I just...
I didn't know how to tell you.
I don't care.
Unbuckless.
Just don't expect me to bow.
Oh, you don't ever have to bow.
Recalls.
So, why is it that you hate the moon goddess so much?
I guess fate's unreliable.
So is its creator.
She wanted a tragedy, so she made me.
Aye.
Nolan Hemming, Alpha of the Blue Ridge Pack.
Reject you.
Will Hemming a doll for?
As my mate and Luna.
Can I take you somewhere that your smell's so good here?
That would make this place special to you.
This is the only natural forest near the city.
No pack claims this place.
A neutral ground for all packs, I've...
And the only place that belongs to pack was wolves.
Especially those that live amongst humans.
At least your marks?
At first night that I became packless, I slept under this stream.
Here.
Alone?
Seven years ago.
You know, I always really wanted to come back here.
It's not exactly the safest place to visit alone.
Cass?
Just thought I'd found you sooner.
Cass, that's not it, you're full.
Like a revenge for your house.
I don't care about that anymore.
I have my son, and he is all I need.
Now, I have my first victory against the goddess.
I found someone beyond my fate and mate.
Stay with me and be my equal partner.
As I promised, to the end of the lot.
So your Draco's his mate?
Hm.
Our partner's not mates.
Mates are like husbands and wives.
And partners are like boyfriend girlfriend.
My mom, I gotta take things slow.
He is a really good partner though.
I just don't know how him and Emmett are gonna get along.
Where wolves are often pretty possessive.
Damn.
Being a mom sounds hard.
What's wrong?
Cass being paid my student loans.
All of them.
Prince comes to save the day from solved.
What?
What's wrong with that?
Now you can use the money to pay off your bills.
Why can't you follow my orders?
You think because you're the future Luna,
that gives you the right to contradict me?
I'm the Alpha.
I give the orders.
I'm sorry.
Alpha, no, no.
No, this is not what I want.
I want an equal partnership where I get to make my own calls,
so we're gonna have a talk.
And hold on.
I want you to find the best design of the city.
I want a custom dress made for Willa.
Nothing but the best.
Happy that, Alpha Draco.
Shh.
That's the 26th item on my list.
I guarantee your mate will be terribly pleased.
Our mates yet?
Just partners.
Why?
You've been through so much together.
Why not just tell her the truth,
that you two are fated mates?
It's a camera smoothin' your gun.
Can't go another.
Just seven years without her.
But if the perfect moment arises,
I'll tell her that.
Does she know that you've ordered so many luxurious items for her?
No, Holden.
It's a surprise.
Just make sure it's all here in two weeks.
She'll create the perfect moment to tell her.
I don't think she's the type to be swayed by nice things, Alpha Draco's.
In fact, I don't think this is a good idea at all.
Why don't you just tell her the truth?
Who is it?
Willa.
What have you done?
I had a girlfriend pay off her student loans yesterday.
You are doomed.
Pretend you're in a meeting or something.
Willa.
Hi.
What?
I'm coming down now.
Well, it doesn't sound good.
Just fine-griffin' and hide yourself.
I might need you later.
I-I need to see Caspian.
Mr. Draco's.
Do you have an appointment?
No.
But we're...
Friends.
Sorry, waitress.
He's in a meeting.
He can't see you.
Alright.
I'll just give him a call.
If you need to make a call, you can do it outside.
This isn't a place for a dishwasher.
Casp.
Are you in your office?
Are you available?
No.
I'm in the lobby.
Yet your receptionist won't let me through.
Well, I guess we'll just see who gets kicked out first.
Lady, this little joke you're playing isn't clever.
Stop pretending like you have a millionaire boyfriend.
If you want me to apologize to you.
And you will apologize.
Apologize.
Right away.
Sorry, Mr. Draco's.
Not to me.
To her.
Miss, I'm sorry.
Please forgive me.
How long have you been away to darling?
Not long.
I'm so sorry, Miss.
It has been a pleasure to serve you.
Is that so hard?
This is a will I mean a bell for?
Memorize your face.
It seems to be even all security clearances.
And no matter what I'm dealing with,
when she shows up,
be sure to my office and be doing it.
Yes, Mr. Draco's.
Thank you.
So, what brings you here today, Ivy?
Surprise?
Like friend?
Martin?
Caspian, did you pay my student loans?
What's that, Martin?
What's going on?
You seem stressed.
Casp.
Did you pay my student loans?
What makes you think that?
Well, your name was on their seat.
No.
That's impossible.
Yes.
It was paid for by an organization.
The Caspian group.
Mr. Caspian.
What are you looking at?
Well, look.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
I paid you certain loans.
I sure told you.
Why?
Because I couldn't see you just struggle like that and do nothing.
I love you.
This is not how I envision this relationship.
This is supposed to be an equal partnership.
No one is going to make decisions for me.
Let's just talk about this later.
Why not wait, please?
Please don't go.